
INSTRUCTIONS:

NB!!
Use PHP with CSS, Javascript, Jquery and Bootstrap to complete the tasks.
Make use of a masterpage for consistent styling and layout.
All coding must comply with the latest programming standards and conventions.
html tables may not be used for layout purposes, only css.
Defensive programming practices must be applied. In other words no servers errors.


If you have any questions regarding the the project feel free to email me: dewet@chillies.co.za


To Build:

1. 	Build a website with the look provided in the folder (Barbas Homepage.jpg).

	The website must be responsive. Use the Bootstrap framework to achieve responsiveness.

	Use Bootstrap's website to get all the responsive components as well as documentation on how the framework works and is implemented. (http://getbootstrap.com/)

	For example the banner slider is built using bootstrap's carousel.

2.	Retrieve the news articles, specials and events from a database. (create your own database and normalize the database design). 

	You must use a MySQL database.	
	Banner images must be in a slider.
	

3.	Build a Contact Us page with full validation and required fields. You can decide on the design yourself.
	
	The form on the Contact Us page must submit via an AJAX call to a Webservice. Use Jquery for the ajax call.
	
	Do not use built-in libraries or modules for ajax. It must be done with jquery ajax.
	
	The submittion must not post-back!

4.  Build a news page. you can decide on the design yourself.
	
	Retrive all articles from database. Articles must show in a listing style with a details view foreach article.
	
	if you can add sharetools for the news articles as well.
	
	
Keep in Mind:
	
	Layouts for database retrived content must be build with html and css and inline server tags.
	
	Jquery templates may be used as well.
	
	Data retrival via database must be via paramaterized queries. NO INLINE PARAMATERS in queries.
	
	Create the appropriate classes to handle news, specials and events.
	
	




